purchase_analytic_global/README.rst, before:

==================================
Purchase - Analytic Account Global
==================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/13.0/purchase_analytic_global
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-13-0/purchase-workflow-13-0-purchase_analytic_global
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds an analytic account on the purchases that is applied on all the lines.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20purchase_analytic_global%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Iryna Vyshnevska <i.vyshnevska@mobilunity.com>
* Sudhir Arya <sudhir@erpharbor.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/purchase-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/13.0/purchase_analytic_global>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[14.0][MIG] purchase_analytic_global: Migration to 14.0

purchase_analytic_global/README.rst, after:

==================================
Purchase - Analytic Account Global
==================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/14.0/purchase_analytic_global
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-14-0/purchase-workflow-14-0-purchase_analytic_global
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds an analytic account on the purchases that is applied on all the lines.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20purchase_analytic_global%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Camptocamp <https://camptocamp.com>`_:
    * Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
    * Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
    * Iryna Vyshnevska <i.vyshnevska@camptocamp.com>
* `ERP Harbor <https://erpharbor.com>`_:
    * Sudhir Arya <sudhir@erpharbor.com>
* `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`_:
    * Phuc Tran <phuc@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 13.0 to 14.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/purchase-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/14.0/purchase_analytic_global>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
